1 N 15> E X.

A.

A„ wardon of the friars, London, 396.

de Abendune, Robert, rector of the chureh
of Risberga, 247.

de Abingdon, Willielmus,
preaeher, 36, 549,

Aoeursus, Frater, 526.

de Aequitania, Fr. Deodatus, 527.

Ada de Howden, divinity reader in Oxford,

553 ; in Cambridge, 556.

Adam, a priest, 240.

Adjutus, Frater, 526.

de S. AEgidio‚ J .‚ arehdeaeon of Oxford, 403.
See de S. Egidio.

Agareni, 527.

de S. Agatha, Robert, Chaneellor of the
University of Oxford, (?) 107 ; sent to
(hostete, ib3 his interposition requested
to prevent the disturbanees in the
University, 248 ; letters addressed to
him, 256, 257.

S. Agnes, 543.

de S. Albano, Michael, 505, 500.

Albertus Pisanus, friar, 6, 19, 27, 28, 29
32, 34, 38, 53, 549 ; English provincial
minister, 47, 558 3 striet in reforming
abuses, 48 3 praises the English friars
above all others, 48, 49 ; minister of
Hungary, Alemannia, δύο, 54; opposes

a famous

the Dominieans, 50 3 his shrewd sayings,
56, sq„ 59 ; rebukes a young preachcr at
Oxford for his vanity, 003 4th general
minister for three years, 533, 559; dics
at Rome, 48, 537.

de Albis, Frater Conradus, 528.

Albon, william, citizen of London, 516 ·,
benefactor of the Grey Friars, ih. 511.

Aldgate, Holy Trinity‚ 512.

de Aldham, Peter, 135.

de Alemania, Bartholoinzeus, merchant,
515.

Alexander Aurimallerater, 409.

Alexander, Master of the Hospital‚ Can-
terbury, lss.

Alexander IV., 530.

de Alexandria, Alexander, minister-
general, 534, 559.

de Alexandria, Frater Eam-entius, 528.

Alifax, Robertus, reader at Cambridge,
557.

AllitariuS, lVillielmus fil. Reginaldi, 622.

de Alnewika, Martinus, divinity render at
Oxfoffl, 553.

de Alnewyke, Willelmus, divinity render
at Oxford, 553.

Alneston, (Aunestone), 149.

Alphonso, King of Aragon, 540.

Alphonso, King of Boheniia, 540.

Alphonso, King of Portugal, 5⁴0.

Alsaee, duke of, 540.

de Alvernia, Frater Johaunes, 529.

